

(https://codepen.io/WayLay-/pen/ZEybxBg)


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    easy to read or self explained

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    the foundation of a website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    a setting or ability, a description.. you put them inside of elements to set value.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    used for headers, you can use it as much as you want but it is usually reserved for mainlines or titles

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <input> and <select>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    the title and mainline. sometimes other elements

    7. What is an id?
    names tied to HTML elements that can be called upon in CSS, but can only be called on a single element of the same type.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    only one of each type.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    never, you should only use id's on different elements using different names, use a class instead

    10. What is a class? 
    a class allows names to be tied to HTML elements to later be called upon in CSS, it is simular to an id however it can be used multiple times in the page on the same or different elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    any element 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as much as you want, but this can cause problems and become messy

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
     place target="_blank" after href= and your link.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    a failsafe if the image does not load properly or if someone is running a read out.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    using "#" and then the name of your id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    sections are Semantic and divs are not. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling of the page

    18. How do* we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by naming the element and opening brackets. in this case, "h2{ enter code here }" 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
     a class can be assigned to any element, even using the same name or "class"
    however an id's can only be used to call on one type of element per name
    you want to use class for a div or paragraph, because you still want to be able to
    later assign other divs or paragraphs differently.
    if you want to use an id it should be for something like the header or footer, because you
    only want to call one id and wont ever mix it up.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    use "." and then the name of the class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it selects the child of the element, used if you want to select the child of an element. useful for bad code or repeated class names on multiple elements of the same type.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that has had a name attached to it, defines special attribute of the selected element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing is one of many methods added into css, it can be used to ad a spacing between lines of text inside of an element.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing is one of many methods added into css, it can be used to ad spacing between all letters in ASCII

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    "text-transform" is a method added into css, it will change all text under its selector.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    in css you would use a universal selector, "* {}"

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    using "/*" and then at the end of the comment "*/"

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    your current directory is listed infront of you(for gitbash on windows, on mac use the pwd command.....), the command 
    "ls" will create a list of available directories.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    using the command ls will display all currently available directories.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    "git rm" removes files on next commit.
    be careful because you may delete unintended files, and children of the associated files. there is no recycling bin.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so you can call specific versions at a later date if needed.
    (a backup)

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes lol

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git commit -m 'i say descriptive things here'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, git clone, checkout with first and last, code ., add. , commit, and push 